[doc] Describing configuration in ASP.NET Core apps + add LogLevel config (#23)
elastic/apm-agent-dotnet: docs/configuration.asciidoc

[[configuration]]
== Configuration

> To adapt the Elastic APM agent to your needs, you can configure it using different configuration sources, which have different naming conventions for the property key. 

Reviewer: This sentence is a bit rough. What about something like this:

```suggestion
You can utilize configuration options to adapt the Elastic APM agent to your needs. There are multiple configuration sources, each with different naming conventions for the property key.
```

Author: This was literally copy pasted from the java doc 😀😀 But I agree, the suggestion is good.

> By default the agent uses environment variables. Additionally on ASP.NET Core the agent can plug into the https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/aspnet/core/fundamentals/configuration/?view=aspnetcore-2.2[Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration] infrastructure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the agent uses environment variables. Additionally, on ASP.NET Core, the agent can plug into the https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/aspnet/core/fundamentals/configuration/?view=aspnetcore-2.2[Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration] infrastructure.
```

Reviewer: Added a couple commas ^

=== Configuration on ASP.NET Core

> The `UseElasticApm()` extension method offers an overload to pass an `IConfiguration` instance to the APM Agent. By using this overload in a typical ASP.NET Core application the `Startup.cs` file would contain code similar to the following:

Reviewer: +comma
```suggestion
The `UseElasticApm()` extension method offers an overload to pass an `IConfiguration` instance to the APM Agent. By using this overload in a typical ASP.NET Core application, the `Startup.cs` file would contain code similar to the following:
```

{
    public Startup(IConfiguration configuration)
    {
        Configuration = configuration;
    }

    public void Configure(IApplicationBuilder app, IHostingEnvironment env)
    {
        //Registers the agent with an IConfiguration instance:
        app.UseElasticApm(Configuration);

        //Rest of the Configure() method...
    }
}
----

With this you can use any configuration source that you configured on the `IConfiguration` instance that you passed to the APM Agent. You can find the key of each configuration below in the IConfiguration key column.

NOTE: By simply calling `app.UseElasticApm()` without the overload, the agent will read configurations only from environment variables.

This is a typical `appsettings.json` file that contains some sample configuration. The part below `ElasticApm` is fetched by the agent if the corresponding `IConfiguration` is passed to the agent.

[source,js]
----
{
  "Logging": {
    "LogLevel": {
      "Default": "Warning"
    }
  },
  "AllowedHosts": "*",
  "ElasticApm":
    {
      "LogLevel":  "Debug",
      "ServerUrls":  "http://myapmserver:8200"
    }
}
----

[[config-reporter]]
=== Reporter configuration options
[float]

> [[config-ServerUrls]]

Reviewer: section IDs should be lowercase
```suggestion
[[config-serverurls]]
```

Reviewer: sorry, ignore above, should actually be this:
```suggestion
[[config-server-urls]]
```

> ==== `ServerUrls`

Reviewer: Looks like this might've been missed:
```suggestion
==== `config-server-urls`
```

NOTE: Providing multiple URLs only works with APM Server v6.5+.

[float]

> [[config-LogLevel]]

Reviewer: Section IDs should be lowercase
```suggestion
[[config-loglevel]]
```

Reviewer: ignore this comment
